and they were in the top 2,500 but
stayed undefeated for a long time
Rennick good screens on the out of
bounds get that open look
he's guard him you got to take away that
jump shot he's got to learn now to go to
phase number two losing pump fakes to
get that player off the floor and going
ahead then and get into that foul line
on the fake jump shot you can see right
here the all-time leader past Charley
Davis last year and he guided a career
free-throw shooting and has a chance to
be the all-time greatest free-throw
shooter in NCAA history he's 31 of 33
this year
David got mold freshman guard off the
floor now he's had one start this year
got that start against Coppin State men
Buddhists yes he did four of six threes
and he was still on the floor ball
inbounded to Redick twice today he is
inbound situations coming off a poor man
a free man curl of the year he coached
820 and under teams go gold medal
that is the
out-of-bounds play that rheticus beat
them on the girl for gray the front
smart move to stop
redick's
the spout is there
if you Oklahoma right now as much as you
don't want to give Williams arrest from
Duke
it's gonna get one guys are getting a
little tired out here
when we come back JJ reddick at the line
to tie it up to set the record for
straight free throws 54 straight that he
made
to the haulers who great rebound inside
kickin outside you read it catch
was
and
he has now started to get into a feel
into a rhythm so if you're Oklahoma
you've definitely got to bring that to a
close and not even be a bad time to play
some Bach someone or something -
shutting down
when in
dude has reclaimed the lead for the
first time since they
eight to seven they were down by
going against you shoot
and he makes the perfect curl here look
at always sets in speech swear
going away from the basket JJ reddick
grown-up Virginia
that way got Duke within one then he
tied it up
he got that mask of Nelson who's the
all-time leading high school store in
California Redick the all-time high
school scoring leader in the state of
Virginia so one to the other and know
how to put it in hole or a technical
foul on Kelvin Santee you don't need
that now 60-56 will be - Samson was
reacting I must say this I've watched in
the hallway he was reacting to the
missed shot I mean that tonight about
Matt's head you know
Calvin's making a good point right there
he's a guy of great integrity and I
think you're exactly right when he was
reacting to his own team's performance
right not the officials call and now
we've got a situation we're still giving
him a lot of conversation it'll be
reading on the foul line
dunno why force yeah you see this 32%
the reason for that is they've gotten
away from gray Redick now will go on the
line he's already got 20 points how's a
quiet 20 now let's take a leather look
at Kelvin Sampson well you're gonna see
what's going to happen right here when
he gets to that point I don't think the
technical should have been call he's
upset with his team and the way they
reacted not at the referee the referee
turns and tease them has a good time
just a walk away I think if you do
fishing tip Valentine team up so Redick
is at the line two free throws and the
ball well fans you've seen something you
don't see but once out of every what
left here you can tell your kids you
were in the garden that's right when JJ
Redick missed one there Nelson a better
matchup for Oklahoma
on Redick
he knew that he could shoot over the top
of lavender
like he's licking a little bit right now
and he took advantage of that hike for
potential the second game Duke has come
back to win after in the beginning of a
ball game there a poet looking right
there and pretty solidly in control
Illinois Chicago in Durham doing a fine
job against him then duta thatíll 'got
back in that game took the control at
halftime and then blew it open against a
team that I think is going to be very
solid throughout the course this year
Mike chefs we talked about Toledo being
the type of team that he thinks can have
a nice season in a run potentially in
the NCAA tournament so although they
haven't been big-name opponents Duke
undefeated
Oklahoma goes to six and to Chevrolet
most valuable players of the game Taj
great smoke Lahoma JJ reddick from Duke